Angular Js - is a full featured SPA (Single Page Application) Framework
		 - provides a robust SPA framework
:
- Data Binding
- MVC
- Routing
- Testing
- JqLite
- Templates
- History
- Factories
- ViewModel
- Controllers
- Views
- Directives
- Services
- Dependency Injection
- Validation

Expression - Expression is much like Javascript expression, that can be literals, operator, and variables. Example of Expression:
- ng-init=“expression”
- {{ expression }}

Directives - a way to teach HTML new tricks.
In AngularJS API Reference Documentation, it provides about 89 difference directives you can use.
Example of directives:
a. ng-app : Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS Application. Bootstrap in AngularJS means initialization of Angular.
b. ng-model: binds an input, select, texture to a property on the scope (text, checkbox, radio, number, email, url, date, datetime-local, time, month, week, etc.)
c. ng-init: Allows you to evaluate an expression
d. ng-repeat - for iterating an expression, could be from ng-init expression.

Filter - Make it easier to converts data (example converts string to uppercase, etc.)
In AngularJS API. (currency, date, filter, son, limitTo, lowercase, number, orderly, uppercase)

View - What the user sees. Views consist of Directives.
Controller - a cointainer to store your code/logic, what data gets binds into the view. Controllers contains data and factories.
Scope - is the “glue” (ViewModel) between controller and a view. Scope connects the View and the Controller.

Modules - modules are containers. Object container, that can be contained with config, filter, directive, factory, controller.

Routes - 

Config -

Factories - 



